;; -*- mode: dotspacemacs -*-
;; This file is loaded by Spacemacs at startup.
;; It must be stored in your home directory.

(defun dotspacemacs/layers ()
  "Configuration Layers declaration."

  (setq-default

   dotspacemacs-configuration-layer-path '("~/dev/dotfiles/spacemacs-layers/")

   dotspacemacs-configuration-layers
   '(
     (git :variables
          git-gutter-use-fringe t)
     markdown
     org
     syntax-checking
     c-c++
     extra-langs
     )

   dotspacemacs-excluded-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-delete-orphan-packages t))

(defun dotspacemacs/init ()
  "Initialization function.  This function is called at the very startup of
   Spacemacs initialization before layers configuration."

  (setq-default

   dotspacemacs-startup-banner 'random
   dotspacemacs-always-show-changelog t

   ;; List of items to show in the startup buffer. If nil it is disabled.
   ;; Possible values are: `recents' `bookmarks' `projects'."
   dotspacemacs-startup-lists '(recents projects)

   dotspacemacs-themes '(base16-grayscale-dark base16-grayscale-light)

   ;; If non nil the cursor color matches the state color.
   dotspacemacs-colorize-cursor-according-to-state t

   ;; Default font. `powerline-scale' allows to quickly tweak the mode-line
   ;; size to make separators look not too crappy.
   dotspacemacs-default-font '("Terminess Powerline"
                               :size 14
                               :weight normal
                               :width normal
                               :powerline-scale 1.1)

   ;; If non nil the paste micro-state is enabled. While enabled pressing `p`
   ;; several times cycle between the kill ring content.
   dotspacemacs-enable-paste-micro-state t

   ;; If non nil unicode symbols are displayed in the mode line.
   dotspacemacs-mode-line-unicode-symbols nil

   )
  ;; User initialization goes here
  )

(defun dotspacemacs/config ()
  "Configuration function.  This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs
   initialization after layers configuration."
  (global-hl-line-mode -1)
  (global-linum-mode)
  (linum-relative-toggle)
  (setq powerline-default-separator 'arrow)
  (fringe-mode 0)
)

;; Do not write anything past this comment. This is where Emacs will
;; auto-generate custom variable definitions.
