;; -*- mode: emacs-lisp -*-
;; This file is where Emacs writes custom variables.
;; Spacemacs will copy its content to your dotfile automatically in the
;; function `dotspacemacs/emacs-custom-settings'.
;; Do not alter this file, use Emacs customize interface instead.

(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(LaTeX-command "pdflatex")
 '(ansi-color-faces-vector
   [default default default italic underline success warning error])
 '(ansi-color-names-vector
   ["black" "red3" "ForestGreen" "yellow3" "blue" "magenta3" "DeepSkyBlue" "gray50"])
 '(evil-want-Y-yank-to-eol t)
 '(nix-indent-function (quote nix-indent-line) t)
 '(org-startup-indented t)
 '(package-selected-packages
   (quote
    (symbol-overlay org-cliplink devdocs graphviz-dot-mode lsp-haskell lsp-mode dash-functional ghc flycheck-package package-lint evil-textobj-line blacken yapfify writeroom-mode visual-fill-column web-beautify toml-mode tide typescript-mode tern systemd spaceline-all-the-icons powerline seeing-is-believing ruby-hash-syntax racer pytest pyenv-mode py-isort prettier-js pippel pipenv pyvenv pip-requirements spinner overseer org-category-capture org-mime ob-elixir noflet nixos-options nix-mode nameless magit-svn lua-mode livid-mode skewer-mode live-py-mode json-navigator hierarchy json-mode json-snatcher json-reformat js2-refactor multiple-cursors js2-mode js-doc ivy-xref window-purpose imenu-list insert-shebang importmagic epc ctable concurrent deferred hlint-refactor hindent parent-mode highlight-indent-guides haskell-snippets yasnippet gitignore-templates flycheck-rust flycheck-mix flycheck-ledger flycheck-haskell haskell-mode flycheck-credo flycheck-bashate flx fish-mode eziam-theme evil-ledger ledger-mode iedit evil-goggles evil-cleverparens smartparens paredit anzu erlang popup doom-modeline eldoc-eval shrink-path all-the-icons memoize direnv cython-mode counsel-tramp projectile counsel-css counsel swiper ivy cmm-mode centered-cursor-mode cargo rust-mode bbcode-mode packed auctex-latexmk auctex anaconda-mode pythonic f alchemist s company dash elixir-mode pkg-info epl avy hydra lv font-lock+ evil goto-chg undo-tree dotenv-mode diminish bind-map bind-key async treemacs-projectile treemacs-evil treemacs ht pfuture transient base16-theme yaml-mode web-mode tagedit slim-mode scss-mode sass-mode pug-mode nginx-mode less-css-mode impatient-mode simple-httpd haml-mode evil-commentary emmet-mode unfill mwim xterm-color shell-pop rvm ruby-tools ruby-test-mode ruby-refactor rubocop rspec-mode robe rbenv rake orgit org-projectile org-present org-pomodoro alert log4e gntp org-download org-brain multi-term minitest htmlize gnuplot flyspell-correct-ivy flyspell-correct flycheck-pos-tip pos-tip flycheck evil-org eshell-z eshell-prompt-extras esh-help chruby bundler inf-ruby auto-dictionary mmm-mode markdown-toc markdown-mode gh-md smeargle magit-gitflow gitignore-mode gitconfig-mode gitattributes-mode git-timemachine git-messenger git-link evil-magit magit magit-popup git-commit with-editor ws-butler winum which-key wgrep volatile-highlights vi-tilde-fringe uuidgen use-package toc-org symon string-inflection spaceline smex restart-emacs request rainbow-delimiters popwin persp-mode pcre2el password-generator paradox org-plus-contrib org-bullets open-junk-file neotree move-text macrostep lorem-ipsum linum-relative link-hint ivy-purpose ivy-hydra info+ indent-guide hungry-delete hl-todo highlight-parentheses highlight-numbers highlight-indentation hide-comnt help-fns+ helm-make google-translate golden-ratio flx-ido fill-column-indicator fancy-battery eyebrowse expand-region exec-path-from-shell evil-visualstar evil-visual-mark-mode evil-unimpaired evil-tutor evil-surround evil-search-highlight-persist evil-numbers evil-nerd-commenter evil-mc evil-matchit evil-lisp-state evil-lion evil-indent-plus evil-iedit-state evil-exchange evil-escape evil-ediff evil-args evil-anzu eval-sexp-fu elisp-slime-nav editorconfig dumb-jump define-word counsel-projectile column-enforce-mode clean-aindent-mode auto-highlight-symbol auto-compile aggressive-indent adaptive-wrap ace-window ace-link)))
 '(projectile-indexing-method (quote hybrid))
 '(safe-local-variable-values
   (quote
    ((ispell-dictionary . "spanish")
     (typescript-backend . tide)
     (typescript-backend . lsp)
     (javascript-backend . tern)
     (javascript-backend . lsp)
     (elixir-enable-compilation-checking . t)
     (elixir-enable-compilation-checking)))))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 )
